Now, let's go ahead and define has_left_child and has_right_child.
We just used the code we already generated earlier,
and let's add on has_left_child and has_right_child.
So let's think about it. When you look at a tree node,
let's go back to the visual at the very top.
So Apple, it has a left child and it has a right child.
Banana has a left child set to dates,
and its right child,
it would be set to none,
meaning it doesn't have anything,
it doesn't have a right child.
So it could either be none or not none.
So that's how we tell whether it has a child or not.
Going back to task five,
this means that if the left pointer is not none,
then that means it's something.
It's some node, some none null value.
So that means that it has a left child,
It will return true.
Otherwise, that means that the left pointer here is actually set to none,
so we're going to return false.
Notice that this is fine,
but it's slightly inefficient.
When you get into coding interviews,
you'll be asked sometimes,
instead of writing an if else block,
how can you write it all in one line?
So what you'll notice here is that,
what is this conditional doing.
Self.left does not equal none.
That's actually returning a Boolean value.
This is going to evaluate to either a true or a false.
In this case, when it is true,
it goes down to here.
Then what does it do?
It returns true because
this function has_left_child is also trying to return a Boolean either true or false.
So similarly, when this expression evaluates to false,
then we jump to the else block.
Then what is the action we take?
We're returning false.
So notice, what we can actually do here is we can skip this step,
make it a little bit more efficient,
and then just say return whether self.left is not equal to none.
So there you go.
We can do the same here for checking if it has a right child.
If the right child's pointer is not none,
that means it has a right child.
Otherwise, it doesn't and it would return false.
So let's just check this out.
We have three nodes that will create,
and then we'll also check if node0 a has a left child or a right child.
So at this point,
these are all separate nodes and nothing has been added as a child to another.
Then here, we're going to add node1 as a left child and node2 as the right child.
So it's going to be there's an apple and then on the left,
there's banana, and on the right,
there's an orange, and then we'll check again using these functions that we just defined.
Does it have a left child,
does it have a right child.
So you can see beforehand when before we add the children,
the answer is false,
and then after we add the children,
the answer is true. So it works.